I I'm currently living in Indonesia and
I brought you a little something from
Indonesia this is a Hindu god it's also
a walking stick Oh Matt Damon told me
you'd need one of these since oh he did
well thank you I'll take it a little
beautiful that's really for me thank you
very much on your wall that's pretty
great whatever carried this all the way
from Indonesia
truly God's difficulty for me I did
you're not giving these out to random
talk show hosts everywhere that's a
beautiful artist and a very beautiful
street and Indonesia hey why do you live
in Indonesia because we came across this
school called Green School Bali and
Green School has this amazing tag line
the tag line is to create the next
generation of environmental leaders I
have this very special seven-year-old
child and I think all of us are trying
to figure out how to have an impact in
the world and for myself the best thing
I could do is give my son this
extraordinary experience myself you know
why on the other side of the world and
looking back at this madness is amazing
my parents would never do anything like
this you this isn't one of those things
where you couldn't get into any of the
schools in LA you have to go through all
this crazy thing you're like you know
what we're going Indonesia hey is your
son enjoying the school
he loves it it's magical it's deeply in
the jungle oh like Swiss Family Robinson
they grow their own food they they make
their own buildings out of bamboo it's
really your son's going to school in the
jungle like Tarzan Wow and do you live
in the jungle me too Wow we moved into
this house that we rented online which
is probably the first problem we've
never seen it and we got there and the
first night we got there we started to
look around there's something a little
creepy about the house and then we
realized this is a true story we
realized that there was you know pretty
decent-sized spider there and kind of
different bugs around the house this is
the first night and so obviously I think
the animals and spiders and insects that
were there were suddenly like there's
people in the house for the first time
so the next day I got a little worse and
the next day I got a little worse and
the third day that we came home
literally four days after we've been in
bar
you walked in and I see this spider that
was literally the size of my hand and on
the bottom of the spider was a white
sack and I was like what is that it's
not making sense like literally a spider
was the size of my hand does a guy who
helps us out and so I went out before he
took off and left for the night and I
said hey weigh and would you come in a
look at this spider my little thing was
I didn't want to kill these spiders I
just wanted to remove them right huh I
said if you help me remove this big
spider he doesn't speak a lot of English
so he goes no not poison it's not poison
it's not poison he starts running around
the house chasing the spider and he
slaps it and when he slaps it it's the
white sack exploded and there were
babies thousands of babies oh boy
scattered all over the house truly and
when every single direction it's the
next thing I know I hear screaming from
the other room where my son and his
mother were that they'd wrapped
themselves inside of an insect a
mosquito net right uh-huh
she's like they're spiders all over the
bathroom so I walked into the bathroom
and I'm at this point like listen we're
in Bali this is the way it is jungle
what do you expect why we move here I
walked into the I walked into the
bathroom and I looked and I realized the
floor was moving and I swear this is
completely true it's like out of Planet
Earth there were scorpions spiders ants
I mean everything there was a feeding
frenzy going on and because of it had
brought the big spiders and the big
scorpions out from the different
crevices of this place and I literally
ran into the kitchen I said that's it I
ran into the kitchen start boiling water
poured bleach in the boiling water and
ran around the house throwing bleach and
boiling water and then we evacuated you
know and I assume you went back to the
airport and came home and never went
back
quite the opposite really whoa even the
Balinese everyone was like look this is
totally unusual Oh real it is okay Molly
holy moly is a wild ride are there
animals too around your your Hut or
wherever you somebody's wherever this
godforsaken place you're living it's
there was an interesting experience one
of the parents at our school and look I
truly love this school it's such a
special place it sounds great but but
monkeys are part of your life you know
okay now we're talking so let's go so
one of the parents comes home sack full
of monkeys no mother with three
daughters ages five seven and nine and
she comes home and they're inside the
living room are literally a family of
about 20 monkey an alpha monkey who was
like this is my house she literally
throws the girls inside the bathroom
locks the door and starts screaming in
the monkey the monkey start literally
comes at her now she doesn't know what
to do because the girls are locked in
the bathroom she goes out she calls her
husband and they bring people and
they're like they now have more and more
people come to house and this male
monkey at alpha monkey and the group of
the family is not gonna leave so they
end up going to get a gun not to shoot
the monkeys but to shoot into the air
and even at the very end it was an eight
hour standoff that the monkeys would not
leave what are they doing watching TV
and just hanging out look they live
there first
agree with the monkeys have you had
monkeys that penetrate your home or they
just scared of the spires monkeys
penetrating homes are not very common it
isn't I feel like they're telling you
all this is very unusual
very very unusual snakes are common oh
boy
thanks sir very you need to come home
immediately what is it like it would
bring great gifts well yeah I mean this
is fantastic but I could probably get it
on Amazon let's be on what is it like
coming from the jungle and then you had
a big premiere the movie last night
right on Hollywood Boulevard is it
culture shock
yeah absolutely to go from like
literally I don't see advertising and we
barely have Wi-Fi like I got it little
that's worse than spiders life-changing
get out of the news cycle and that's
great I really I don't see advertising
there's kind of interesting to come back
and look at you know see the billboards
and what movies are hot and all that and
then a drive down you know they took
Hollywood Boulevard and shut it down for
this movie yeah right movie the other
night and it was that amazing moment of
like to go literally from this world of
that live in which is you know strange
and beautiful and filled with animals
and tourists and insects and all of it
and is so so true Lee of an either world
right to come then back to Hollywood
yeah where there's animals and insects
roaming around here too but are insects
are Spider Man you know so I dressed
like in this movie Ford versus Ferrari
is based on a true story a great story
and you play a Ford executive who really
was a guy it was a real guy Leo Beebe
was the head of Ford Racing he was
placed there by the story is very much
about when Matt Damon and Christian
Bale's characters who Christian Bale
plays one of the great race car drivers
of all time Matt so Shelby who is
building this race car for Ford and I'm
the one who's in charge of the program
and I very much have a problem with the
two of them so I think you would relate
[Laughter]
well it's great my character would be a
problem but for you you'll be like I'll
torch with Matt Damon I will say I'm
worried about you and your family living
in Bali there with all the spiders and I
would I would be in a net all the time
whatever that bug net your family got
into where that every
but it's great to see you thank you for
my walking stick as well Josh Lucas
everybody thanks for watching if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings